#summary How to use this extension
#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy

This is a XML-style extension to show charts by using the google chart API. It takes the data to show between special tags. Just put one value per row:

  * Look at UsingTheLinesTag to get step-by-step examples for creating line-charts with *gchart4mw*
  * UsingTheBarsTag shows how bar-charts can be done.

= parameters common to all types of charts =

  * by default the size of the y-axis is determined by the smallest and the biggest value in the chart. if you would like to set it manually use *ymin* and *ymax*: {{{ymin=0}}}
  * you can add a legend to the chart with the *ylabel* parameter and putting the labels in the first row of the content.
  * if you add the *xlabel*-parameter, the first column of the content is considered as labels for the X-axis.
  * *size* takes the size of the chart as additional parameter (Default is {{{size=200x120}}}).
  * *title* is used to set the title of a chart (e.g. {{{title=”site visitors”}}}
  * with *colors* you can set the color for the chart in RRGGBB-style (like _FF0000_ for red). If you have multiple data columns separate the colors with a colon.
  * By default the field separator is ",". If you would like to have a different separator set it with *fieldsep*: {{{fieldsep=”;”}}}
  * You can set the chart background with the *fill*-parameter. Please see http://code.google.com/apis/chart/#chart_or_background_fill for details.

= parameters for bar-charts =

  * add *horizontal* if you would like to have to bars displayed horinzontal.
  * if you show multiple data columns in a chart you can use the *stacked*-parameter to show them stacked and not side by side.

= parameters for pie-charts =
  * use *3d* if you want to show a 3d-style pie-chart.